Plot language (#2239)
bootstrapworld/curriculum: lessons/Data-Science/CODAP/codap-dot-plots-bar-charts/langs/en-us/pages/data-visualizations-organizer.adoc

</style>
++++

> Put a check mark to indicate whether each chart listed below visualizes _1 variable or 2 variables_, and whether it visualizes data that is _categorical or numeric_. In the notes column, add any relevant reminders to yourself about when to use each display. You will want to revisit and add additional notes to this page as you learn more about each of the visualizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put a check mark to indicate whether each chart listed below displays data from _1 variable or 2 variables_, and whether it displays data that is _categorical or numeric_. In the notes column, add any relevant reminders to yourself about when to use each kind of data visualization. You will want to revisit and add additional notes to this page as you learn more.
```
